Who we are
We are passionate in the creation of mixed reality applications for personal use just for learning

Privacy Statement Augmented Reality Applications (“App”) created by Amzad Khan
We do not collect any information.

We build this app just for learning purpose

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service and future applications Rendergon may create. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

we do not collect identifiable personal information from your use of this App, in particular your login ID, password and Device ID used to access this App. Rendergon does not collect any personal information from the App accessing device components such as the camera or memory in the photo album. If we have any of your personal information we will not knowingly sell or give it to anyone, except if lawfully subpoenaed to produce it.

The app uses third party services that may collect information used to identify you and the form of use of the App such as type of mobile, geographical location, etc. Rendergon can access generated aggregate statistics and analytics from these services and will retain this data until such date it is no longer relevant to our business, at which point it will be destroyed. The data will be held by Rendergon locally and on servers run by Microsoft and Google. Rendergon may use this data to improve the Service and the offering of future similar apps. As part of Rendergon’s daily business operations, we may share this data with third parties.

This application runs on ARCore, which is provided by Google LLC and governed by the Google Privacy Policy, ARKit which is provided by Apple and governed by the Apple Privacy Policy. and Unity provided by Unity and governed by Unity’s Privacy Policy.

Log Data

We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your device called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse these cookies, this should not disable the use of any portions of this Service.

Service Providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to the information gathered by Rendergon. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

We value your trust in providing us the information of your use, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. We provide for site access control to prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to data processing sites that process and use data. System access control to prevent data processing systems from being used without authorization. Data access control  to ensure that persons authorized to use a data processing system have access only to the data they are authorized to access, and that data cannot be read, copied, modified, or removed without authorization during processing, use and storage. Disclosure control to ascertain and check where and to whom data can be transferred by means of data transmission facilities. Availability control to ensure that data is protected against accidental destruction or loss.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us except for any link to Rendergon’s website. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

My Registered address is my address

This privacy policy came into force 10 May 2022
